---
title: Juggling
slug: juggling
date: 2010-02-03T01:13:07.000Z
updated: 2010-02-03T01:50:28.000Z
tags:
- advice
- blog
- college
- juggling
- music
- thinking
- web
- work
---

Although I never promised that this blog would be updated regularly I still feel I should explain (to anyone reading) why updates occur haphazardly.

Let’s start with this blog as Commitment #1.  (Although I feel it’s too early for this blog to be considered a ‘commitment’ - it hasn’t been around long enough that I feel I have committed to it.  I intend to commit but time will be the judge.)

Before I began this blog I immediately ruled out the possibility that it would be updated daily.  Not only would that be immensely time consuming but I don’t have enough worthwhile things to say.

College is Commitment #2.  Right now I am taking five different classes at my university - no small feat.  And in order to stay current with my studies I must attend class and produce whatever homework is required.<!--more-->

Work is Commitment #3.  While my full-time job right now is finishing my college career I’m also pushing myself to start my own business.  This involves learning many things that I’m not being taught in class.  I don’t mind taking time to learn how to manage a business --- but it <em>does</em> take time!  And right now time is in high demand and low supply.  (I like how I slipped in that business metaphor.)

Personal time is Commitment #4.  This encompasses so many things, one of the most important being my time to relax and do nothing.  I was talking about this with a friend today - everything is best in moderation.  Although I could push myself to perform 4-hour blocks of work I would burn-out far faster than if I had paced myself with 1-hour blocks interspersed with 15-30 minute breaks.  Mental fatigue is so damning.  (And to be honest I wouldn’t be able to work for 4-hours straight on anything.  I’d end up staring at the wall before I got to the 90-minute mark.)

My musical hobby is Commitment #5.  I’ve been teaching myself music theory, how to play the guitar, and how to use a digital audio workstation called Logic Studio.  When I have a complete song done I’ll be sure to post it.  All comments are welcome (although all won’t be followed).

And last but not least is Commitment #6, web development.  Right now I’m learning about the Django Framework.  This programming framework will allow me to make custom websites quickly and with greater ease.  I have an idea for what website I’m going to try and create first.  I’ll let you know about it when the time is right.

I think that about wraps up my description of what I do with my free time.  Sometimes I get frustrated that I’m not progressing as fast I’d like to with one of my commitments.  I curse and wonder why I haven’t learned x yet when so many people already know x <em>and</em> y.

At those times I do my best to take a step back from myself and realize how many things I’m trying to do at once.  Sure, some people are already juggling 6 different things with ease, but I’m just starting.  And besides, my 6 things are harder to do <em>and </em>better. ;)
