---
title: 3 MP3 Tuesday
slug: 3-mp3-tuesday
date: 2010-03-02T12:54:47.000Z
updated: 2010-03-02T13:10:10.000Z
tags:
- mp3
- music
- new
---

Not much to say here.  I got three (3) new songs that I want to share.  Let’s get on with it.

First up we got a new budding group calling themselves 1,2,3.  They’re coming at you from Pittsburgh, PA and they got some sweet energy.  Check them out on <a href="http://www.myspace.com/1comma2comma3">their MySpace page</a>, but for now hear their slick tune “Confetti.”

[audio:123 - Confetti.mp3|artists=123|titles=Confetti]

Next is a tune that’s a little slower than what you just heard, but it has just as much energy.  Band’s named Local Natives (according to <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Local_Natives">their wiki page</a> they used to be called Cavil at Rest - choice name change) and they hail from Los Angeles, CA.  A lot of voice is used in their songs and this one is no exception.  Dig on Airplanes:

[audio:Local Natives - Airplanes.mp3|artists=Local Natives|titles=Airplanes]

Also check out their live performance <a href="http://liveweb.arte.tv/fr/video/Route_du_Rock_d_Hiver_Off__2___Local_Natives/">on La Blogotheque</a>.

Last and definitely not least is the chilled brother-sister duo Angus &amp; Julia Stone.  They come from down-under - specifically Sydney, Australia - and they got a very smooth groove.  Get loving with their Paper Aeroplane:

[audio:Angus and Julia Stone - Paper Aeroplane.mp3|artists=Angus &amp; Julia Stone|titles=Paper Aeroplane]

That does it for now.  Kinda weird that two songs were about airplanes.  But hey - if you want to celebrate that unusual occurrence you’re more than welcome throw around some Confetti.
